Docs: Hint about potential high cardinality metrics (#5603)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/observability.md

An example Grafana dashboard was built by the community and is available as
dashboard [10004](https://grafana.com/dashboards/10004).

## Metrics cardinality

> Some of the Loki observability metrics are emitted per tracked file (active), with the file path included in labels. 

Reviewer: We should mention Promtail here explicitly... "per tracked file" only makes sense in the context of Promtail.

Removed redundancy:

```suggestion
Some of the Loki metrics are emitted per tracked file (active), with the file path included in labels. 
```

A hint about _which_ metrics are emitted per tracked file would be kind to the operator, so they are able to configure the scraping to avoid this issue.

> Some of the metrics above are emitted per tracked file (active) with the file path included in the labels. 
> Depending on your setup, this may result in very large amount of label values across the environment (cardinality). This is generally discouraged by [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/naming/#labels) and may result with unwanted side effects. 
> Make sure to review the emitted metrics before starting scraping with Prometheus and config the scraping accordingly if you suspect this might be an issue.

Reviewer 2: Excellent suggestion @m1keil .  I've provided a rewrite:

```suggestion
Some of the Loki observability metrics are emitted per tracked file (active), with the file path included in labels. 
This increases the quantity of label values across the environment, thereby increasing cardinality. Best practices with Prometheus [labels](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/naming/#labels) discourage increasing cardinality in this way. 
Review your emitted metrics before scraping with Prometheus, and configure the scraping to avoid this issue.
```
